Members
-------
1. Sanat Behera
2. Rakshit Kumar Singh

Agenda
| Agenda  | Timeline |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| Budget Discussion  | Complete By 3rd Aug |
| AI Edge  | To be held by 25th of Aug |
| Inductions | By 1st week of September |

Discussions and Decisions 
-------------------------
1. AI Edge -
   Will take Place in 2 formats -
   <details>

   <summary>Offline Event </summary>

   ### Paper Presentation
   1.The event would be conducted by taking special sponsors, where several Researchers would participate both from inside Institute and Outside institute.
   
   2.The Work of Sponsor Searching and Creating Sponsors would be completed by 12 th or Max by 15 th Aug
   
   3.Topics of Interest are - Differentiable Programming, Audio Processing , Signal Processing , LLM and Can be added anytime as per choice. Everyone should show the relevance of use of Data Science in the 
      Respective Fields.
      
   4.A maximum of 14-15 papers can be taken as per the panels decision
    
   5.The major participants would be Mtech and btech students as well as PHD people from all branches. We have to connect through the HOD's of all dept. and mail them through Zimbra.
    
   6.It would be a 5 day long Event with 3-4 papers from each Category. Preference would be given to tier 2 and tier 3 colleges while selecting the Papers.
  
   7.The Management team would check for the Event Outreach and Collaborate with Other Clubs if Necessary.

   8.The sponsor companies can show the sectors where they have researched and how are they utilising their research to solve business case Scenarios.
      
   </details>

   <details>
     <summary>Online Event</summary>
       
     ### Hackathon ML4E 
     1. To be filled by Rakshit and Bibhu after Discussion.
   </details>


<details>
<summary> 2. Budget Discussions </summary>

  ### Budget 2024 - ML4E

  | Event   | Amount|
  | ------------- | ------------- |
  | Innovision  | Rs. 30000  |
  | AI Edge oflline Event  | Rs. 50000  |
  | AI Edge online Hackathon | Rs.40000  |
  | Electornics  | Rs. 50000  |
  | Computing Resources  | Rs. 80000  |
  | Contigency  | Rs.10000 |
  | Outreaching and Marketing(Canva Premium+Website)| Rs. 25000  |
  | Grand Total | Rs. 285000  |

   <details>
     <summary> Initial Budget </summary>
     
     1. Innovision - Rs. 30000
     2. AIEdge Competition - [Rs. 15000, Rs. 10000, Rs. 5000]
     3. AIEdge Offline Event - Rs. 50000
     4. External SSD 2 TB - Rs. 17500
     5. Website - Rs. 17500
     6. Domain Name - Rs. 4000
     7. AWS EC2 - Rs. 50000
     8. Electronics - Rs. 50000
     9. Total - Rs. 248619
   </details>
</details>

Rest Things to be cleared in further Meets asthe team Proceeds. 

General Updates
---------------
